Once upon a time on the edge of the big forest lived a little girl whom everyone called "Little Red Riding Hood". This was because she always wore her favourite red bonnet, wherever she went. But her real name was Anna. One morning Anna's mum said, "Little Red Riding Hood, your grandma is unwell, and she can't go shopping. I'm packing up some food, and I'd like you to take it to her." She filled a bag with some ripe yellow bananas, a jar of orange marmalade, a tub of margarine and some wholemeal rolls. She wondered about putting in some plums but she had two kinds and wasn't sure which kind Grandma liked. So she asked Anna, "Is it red plums or yellow plums grandma prefers? "It's yellow plums she normally buys, replied the girl. Soon the bag was full.
Then her mother said "Listen to me, Anna, be careful in the forest!" "Go straight to Grandma's house. Don't lose your way. Don't talk to any strangers." "I'll be very careful," promised the girl, "and I won't stop for a minute". So off Anna went with her bag full of goodies and waved to her mother until she was well out of sight.
When Little Red Riding Hood got to the edge of the forest, a stranger was waiting for her, unexpectedly. The stranger called in a deep and silky voice,
"Little girl, little girl, can you spare a minute?" It was a wolf, oh dear! But Little Red Riding Hood had never seen a wolf before, so she wasn't scared. The wolf sauntered towards her and greeted her with a lazy smile. "Good morning, my dear," he said, "I'm the wolf and who are you?" "Good morning," the girl said politely. "My name is Anna". "Oho, Anna!", said the wolf, "and where are you going, Anna?" "I'm going to see my grandma," the girl replied. "She's at home, in bed, she's unwell." "How kind," said the wolf. And he thought to himself, "What a stroke of luck! A helpless little girl and a delicious grandma, and I haven't had any lunch yet! I will distract the girl so I can go and eat her grandma first. And I'll eat the girl later. But how can I distract Anna? Maybe it's flowers Anna likes." So he said to Little Red Riding Hood, "as you're such a good girl, maybe you'd like to take your grandma some flowers. I'll show you a place where you can find them. You will find Camomile, Roses and Elderflower." The girl, remembering her mother's words, knew that she had promised not to stop, but she liked the idea of bringing grandma flowers. So she followed the wolf, very cautiously. "Here we are, little girl" he said. "Oh, by the way, where does your grandma live?" "She lives at the far edge of the wood, next to the pond," Little Red Riding Hood replied, innocently. "How nice," the wolf said, "but now I must fly, I'm late for my lunch." And off he raced to grandma's house.
A little later, when Little Red Riding Hood reached the house, she was a little bit surprised to see that the door was open. "Grandma, where are you?" she called, loudly. "Over here, in the bedroom," answered a deep voice. Little Red Riding Hood went into the bedroom and up to her grandma's bed. When she got closer, she noticed something very strange. "Oh grandma!" she cried, "what big ears you have!" "All the better to hear you with, my dear," came the reply. Little Red Riding Hood went up a little closer. "Oh grandma, what big eyes you have!" she cried. "All the better to see you with, my dear," was the answer. Little Red Riding Hood took one more step. "Oh grandma, what big teeth you have!" At that moment the wolf leapt out of the bed and growled, "all the better to eat you with, my dear," and he grabbed her and tried to gobble her up. At the last minute, the door burst open and there stood mum with Grandma's frying pan in her hand. She had felt worried about Anna and had followed her to Grandma's house, and when she got there, she had realised that there was trouble. Mum raised up the frying pan and banged it on the wolf's head, as hard as she could. He did not move again.
Anna's Mum carefully cut open the wolf, and out jumped grandma. She was fine, happily. Then mum said, "I will teach that wolf a lesson." She filled his tummy with big heavy stones and sewed up his woolly belly. Then she opened the door and rolled him outside.
When the wolf woke up, he felt terrible! His head hurt, his tummy was swollen and very heavy. "Ooooooh," he mumbled, "I'll never eat another Grandma again." He never did and he never talked to strange girls again, either.
